`InputFile` reuse recommendations update (#1506)
aiogram/aiogram: docs/api/upload_file.rst

.. warning::

    **Be respectful to Telegram**

    Instances of `InputFile` are reusable.
    That means you can create multiple instances of InputFile for the same file and send them each but Telegram

>     does not recommend it. Instead you can send one instance of InputFile for the same picture and send it multiple times using its `file_id`.

Reviewer: It's not clear that you should save `file_id` from the first sent instance

>     That means you can create multiple instances of InputFile for the same file and send them each but Telegram
>     does not recommend it. Instead you can send one instance of InputFile for the same picture and send it multiple times using its `file_id`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    That means you can create an instance of InputFile and send it multiple times. However, Telegram does not recommend doing this. Instead, once you upload a file, save its `file_id` and reuse that later.
```
